---
layout:     post
title:     2019-08-05-托福tpo52 2
subtitle:  python
date:       2019-08-05
author:     berlinfog
header-img: img/post-bg-coffee.jpeg
catalog: true
tags:
    - 托福
---

### 1.题目

Do you agree or disagree with the following statement?

Movies and television have more negative effects than positive effects on the way young people behave. 

Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.  

### 2.我的

With the development of social media, a wide ranges of  movies has permeated our life. Going to cinema and chatting about details in some movies has become part of our daily. Many people criticize that Movies and television do harm to young people's behavior. From my perspective, I suppose Movies and television broaden people's horizons and help them grow into a mature adult. 

1 .television programs and movies  carry a great number of information which can be accepted easily by children. Movies from different countries can give audience an overview of the place that the film was set in. They will be more cautious about the views and cultures there.

Young people

感受不同地区，玩，增长阅历

2.培养能力

合理的电影分级，可以吸收学习正确的知识

3，



### 3.范文

Nowadays, with the technological development, movies and television have permeated our daily life. Some people think movies and television have more negative impacts on the way young people behave, and the rest think they have more positive impacts. As far as I am concerned, although movies and television do harm to people mentally, they broaden their horizons and cultivate many skills.
Some people think movies and television do harm to people mentally. Because television programs carry a great number of information which can be accepted easily by children, they will depend on this way to receive information passively rather than searching and thinking knowledge actively and independently. Some kinds of movies involve violent contents which are harmful to children because they may feel frightened and anxious. They will even imitate the movies\' plots. For example, once a 10-year –old child killed himself by dropping from the building. The reason why he chose this way to end his life was assumed that he was affected by a movie of the hero theme. He was indulged in this movie and always imagined himself as one of the heroes. So he finally imitates the movie\'s plot ending his life. However, <b>I hold on to the other side of the issue</b>.
Firstly, movies and television broaden young people\'s horizons. Through watching television, they can obtain much knowledge including science, human, and so on. Apart from that, they can be informed of current affairs home and abroad. Through watching movies, they can touch various cultures from different countries\' movies. They can have opportunities to appreciate romantic, comic and fictional types of movies. During the process, they can increase the understanding of the world without traveling around. For example, some children like watching a television program names animals\' world. This documentary program focuses on natural animals of the world, showing their lifestyles and habitats. Children can know the <b>rudimentary</b> natural knowledge and feel the beauty of the nature. Additionally, some children like watch English movies such as American movies. During the process, they can be immersed in foreign environments and appreciate different cultures.
On the second point, movies and televisions can help to cultivate many skills. Watching television helps people to acquire the skill of obtaining useful information. Because they can obtain a vast volume of information, they need to sift useful information and absorb them. Watching movies helps children to acquire the skill of logical thinking. For example, many young people are interested in suspense movies which have strong logic. If people cannot grab the internal logic, they will be curious about the plot. So when they are watching movies, they will endeavor to follow the plot. During this process, they can cultivate the habit of thinking the matter logically and apply them to real life situation such as solving Mathematics problems and understanding concepts.
In conclusion, I think movies and television have more positive effects than negative effects on the way young people behave, because they can broaden young people\'s horizons and help to cultivate many skills.