---
layout:     post
title:     2019-08-07-托福tpo50-2
subtitle:  python
date:       2019-08-07
author:     berlinfog
header-img: img/post-bg-coffee.jpeg
catalog: true
tags:
    - 托福
---

### 1.题目

Do you agree or disagree with the following statement?

All university students should be required to take history courses no matter what their field of study is.

Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.  

### 2.我的

History courses are significant to adolescents' growth,  so all students should learn history courses in their middle school. But in universities, students tend to only learn courses related to their major and forget to learn liberal arts like history. For my perspective,it is essential for universities to make history courses compulsory to help students gain relevant knowledge,which really benefits their future career. The reasons for the suggestion vary.

First of all, learning history classes bring students knowledge about the past thousand years.,which can broaden their horizon. Nowadays with the development of social media and computer technology, young people are addicted into chatting with others and playing computer games and so on, seldom read history books and so on. By learning such liberal arts, students can have a  comprehensive understanding of country and world history which contributes to help them experience their culture and have proud of their country. History is a indispensable part of culture.

if they are still indulged in  games and movies,pay no attention to the history, students will lose the best treasure their ancestors left to them-culture.

secondly,after learning history classes students learn from stories of history characters ,study their approaches to solve problems ,which can have an edge on the job market .upon <b>the cock began to crow</b>公鸡报晓,martial arts武术 diligent industrious assiduous  



### 3.范文

Nowadays, with the technological development, movies and television have permeated our daily life. Some people think movies and television have more negative impacts on the way young people behave, and the rest think they have more positive impacts. As far as I am concerned, although movies and television do harm to people mentally, they broaden their horizons and cultivate many skills.
Some people think movies and television do harm to people mentally. Because television programs carry a great number of information which can be accepted easily by children, they will depend on this way to receive information passively rather than searching and thinking knowledge actively and independently. Some kinds of movies involve violent contents which are harmful to children because they may feel frightened and anxious. They will even imitate the movies\' plots. For example, once a 10-year –old child killed himself by dropping from the building. The reason why he chose this way to end his life was assumed that he was affected by a movie of the hero theme. He was indulged in this movie and always imagined himself as one of the heroes. So he finally imitates the movie\'s plot ending his life. However, <b>I hold on to the other side of the issue</b>.
Firstly, movies and television broaden young people\'s horizons. Through watching television, they can obtain much knowledge including science, human, and so on. Apart from that, they can be informed of current affairs home and abroad. Through watching movies, they can touch various cultures from different countries\' movies. They can have opportunities to appreciate romantic, comic and fictional types of movies. During the process, they can increase the understanding of the world without traveling around. For example, some children like watching a television program names animals\' world. This documentary program focuses on natural animals of the world, showing their lifestyles and habitats. Children can know the <b>rudimentary</b> natural knowledge and feel the beauty of the nature. Additionally, some children like watch English movies such as American movies. During the process, they can be immersed in foreign environments and appreciate different cultures.
On the second point, movies and televisions can help to cultivate many skills. Watching television helps people to acquire the skill of obtaining useful information. Because they can obtain a vast volume of information, they need to sift useful information and absorb them. Watching movies helps children to acquire the skill of logical thinking. For example, many young people are interested in suspense movies which have strong logic. If people cannot grab the internal logic, they will be curious about the plot. So when they are watching movies, they will endeavor to follow the plot. During this process, they can cultivate the habit of thinking the matter logically and apply them to real life situation such as solving Mathematics problems and understanding concepts.
In conclusion, I think movies and television have more positive effects than negative effects on the way young people behave, because they can broaden young people\'s horizons and help to cultivate many skills.