---
layout:     post
title:      托福TPO1独立写作
subtitle:   托福
date:       2019-04-01
author:     berlinfog
header-img: img/post-bg-coffee.jpeg
catalog: true
tags:
   - TOEFL
---

## 托福TPO1独立写作

#### Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? At universities and colleges, sports and social activities are just as important as classes and libraries and should receive equal financial support. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer. 

##### Mine:

With the severe competition in the job market, some people suggest that universities and colleges ought to spend more money on classes and libraries rather than sports and social activities.However, I insist that educational institutions  still need to attach importance to sports and social activities.

 First of all,the society nowadays are more and more requiring people skilled in social interactions. Companies will seldom give an offer to a bookworm who only concentrates on academic  knowledge. To help the graduates have an edge in the job market in the future, it is essential for universities and  colleges to cultivate their students' social ability of communication.  For example, by taking part in the students union, students can learn how to communicate with various kinds of people during activities and have a sense of team spirit, which really counts for their career in the future.

Secondly, sports and social activities can even improve the students' academic performance,which is of great benefits.Contrary to what many parents may concern about, sports and social activities are suitable implements for reducing stress and  strengthen our body at the same time. Long time of working will decrease the efficiency of study and may even lead to depression.Sports and social activities  are necessary for these tired students to relax .After these activities can they concentrate on their study and achieve good marks.

Academic education will definitely always  be the central in a university. In universities, sports and social activities won't take the place of a focus on academic study. But I hold the idea that 
universities and colleges should spend adequate money on sports and social activities to support their normal development. For instance, in China, the top universities have plenty of sports 
clubs and their social groups are also enormous , and universities provide adequate financial support with different events and activities. These schools' basketball teams also ranks high.  These  excellent players have good academic performance as well. None of these universities was criticized for their support in sports or activities.  

For these reasons, I insist that universities and colleges should devote enough money to academic education and social movements to prepare students for their future development.



##### Sample: 

Some people claim that universities and colleges should not spend a great deal of money on sports 
and social activities, as their budgets should prioritize classes and libraries. However, as educational 
institutions, universities and colleges **have an obligation to** provide a wide range of knowledge to 
their students to help them develop academically and socially.  

More and more businesses require people who are not only specialists in their fields, but also skilled 
in social interaction. In the rapidly changing environments of science and the economy, no task can 
be done by a single person. Given the need for collaboration, social skills and team spirit are 
necessary qualities for any successful person. Clearly, sports and social activities in universities and 
colleges provide students with the perfect settings to practice their social skills. By playing football on a team or joining in a protest, for instance, students can develop a sense of belonging and experience team spirit, both of which may prove very important in building a career.  

Aside from fostering social skills and team spirit, sports and social activities can greatly improve 
students’ efficiency. Students need not play sports or participate in social activities at the expense of their academic study. Indeed, for some students, playing sports and joining in social activities are 
good stress reducers. Even the most enthusiastic people feel tired if they concentrate on one thing 
for too long. Frustrated and tired people can do nothing well if they do not recover from their bad 
situations. Students who have been frustrated in their academic work would be well-advised to play 
some sports or join in social activities.  

Academic education will always be at the heart of a university. In universities, sports and social 
activities should by no means take the place of a focus on academic study. What I believe is that 
universities and colleges should spend adequate money on academics as well as sports and social activities. For instance, in the United States, almost all famous universities have plenty of sports 
teams and social groups, and universities provide adequate financial support with these events. None of these universities have weakened their academic standards because of social movements or 
sports.  

For these reasons, I maintain that universities and colleges should spend enough money on academic education and social movements to prepare students for their future development.