---
lsolayout:     post
title:     2019-08-13-托福tpo54-1
subtitle:  python
date:       2019-08-13
author:     berlinfog
header-img: img/post-bg-coffee.jpeg
catalog: true
tags:
    - 托福
---

### 1.题目

The Salton Sea in California is actually a salty inland lake. The level of salt in the lake’s water—what scientists call its salinity—has been increasing steadily for years because the lake’s water is evaporating faster than it is being replaced by rainfall or rivers. If the trend continues, the lake’s water will soon become so salty that the lake will be unable to support fish and bird populations. The lake would then become essentially a dead zone. Fortunately, there are several ways to reverse the trend that is threatening the lake’s health.
One option is direct removal of salt from the lake’s water in special desalination facilities. Water from the lake would be pumped into the facilities and heated. This would cause the water to evaporate into steam, while salt and other materials dissolved in the water would be left behind. The steam would then be cooled down and returned to the lake as salt-free water. Gradually, the high salt levels would be reduced and the lake’s overall health would be restored.
Another possible solution is to dilute the salt level in the lake with water from the ocean. Since water in the Pacific Ocean is 20 percent less salty than water in the lake, bringing ocean water into the lake would decrease the lake’s salinity. The ocean water could be delivered through pipelines or canals.
Yet another solution would be to control the lake’s salinity by constructing walls to divide the lake into several sections. In the smaller sections, salinity would be allowed to increase. However, in the main and largest section, salinity would be reduced and controlled by, among other things, directing all the freshwater from small rivers in the area to flow into that main section of the lake.

### 2.我的

The reading passage provides three ways to reserve the trend that the water in Salton Sea has been increasingly salty and is threatening lake's health. **However, the professor/lecturer thought the methods are unrealistic and refuted them respectively in her lectures.**

**disagrees with them totally and said each of the arguments can be challenged**



First of all,**contrary to** the passage suggests that directly removal of salt from the lake can reduce high salt level,the professor argues such action may lead to serious outcomes. Besides salt, other toxic chemical material may mix with salt. When heated, such material can be released to the air and threaten people's health.

Also, the professor **suggests(points out/contend/assert)** that the government do not have enough resources to pay for building canals  and pipelines. It really expensive to build a canal to connect the ocean and the lake,which is about 100 kilometers away. In contrast, **the reading passage holds a different view (refute the idea )(think it unpersuasive)that** we can dilute the salt level in the lake with water from the ocean.

Last but not least importantly, the reading passage **puts emphasis on** the fact that constructing walls to divide the lake into several section can control the lake\'s salinity. However, the professor presented a conflicting view that it may work for a while, but the walls are likely to be destroyed by geological earthquakes. In this circumstance, the walls would collapse and the water with different salinity would mixed again, which means all the effort would be in vain.

 **In conclusion, the speaker has pointed out the inconsistencies between the reading and the listening passage, and explained why the listening is more reliable.**





### 3.范文

The reading passage provides three ways to reverse the trend that the water in Salton Sea has been increasingly salty and threatened the lake\'s health. However, in the lecture, the professor thought the methods are unrealistic and refuted them respectively in all her assertions.
To begin with, contrary to the reading passage that directly removal of salt from the lake\'s water can reduce high salt level, the professor argued that it would present other problems. To be specific, other materials left behind from the sea water may be toxic chemical material. If they were released to the air and breathed by human, it would put threat to people\'s health. 
Moving on, the professor made the point that local government can\'t get enough resources to pay for the pipelines and canals. The Pacific Ocean is 100 kilometers away from the Salton Sea, which means it would be extremely expensive to build pipelines or canals across such a long distance. In contrast, the reading passage holds a different view that we can dilute the salt level in the lake with water from the ocean.
Last but not least importantly, the reading passage puts emphasis on the fact that constructing walls to divide the lake into several section can control the lake\'s salinity. However, the professor presented a conflicting view that it may work for a while, but the walls are likely to be destroyed by geological earthquakes. In this circumstance, the walls would collapse and the water with different salinity would mixed again, which means all the effort would be in vain.

**downsides缺点**

**accordingly于是**

**His opinion is illustrated with specific explanations below.**