---
layout:     post
title:  托福TPO1综合写作
subtitle: 托福
date:       2019-04-02
author:     berlinfog
header-img: img/post-bg-coffee.jpeg
catalog: true
tags:
   - TOEFL
  -  Writting
  -  Integrated
---



## 托福TPO1综合写作

Offering employees the option of a four-day workweek **won't affect** the company profits, economic conditions or the lives of employees **in the ways the reading suggests**.First, offering a four-day workweek will probably force companies to spend more, possibly a lot more. Adding new workers means putting much more money into providing training and medical benefits. Remember the costs of things like health benefits can be the same whether an employee works four days or five. And having more employees also requires more office space and more computers. These additional costs would quickly cut into company profits.

Second, with respect to overall employment, it doesn't follow that once some employees choose a four-day work week, many more jobs will become available. Hiring new workers is costly, as I argued a moment ago. And companies have other options. They might just choose to ask their employees to work overtime to make up the difference. Worse, companies might raise expectations. They might start to expect that their four-day employees can do the same amount of work they used to do in five days. If this happens, then no additional jobs will be created and current jobs will become more unpleasant.

Finally, while a four-day workweek offers employees more free time to invest in their personal lives, it also presents some risks that could end up reducing their quality of life. Working a shorter week can decrease employees' job stability and harm their chances for advancing their careers. Four-day employees are likely to be the first to lose their jobs during an economic downturn. They may also be passed over for promotions because companies might prefer to have five-day employees in management positions to ensure continuous coverage and consistent supervision for the entire workweek.

自己的：

Working a four-days workweek for 80 percent of their normal pay would not benefit the economy as the reading suggests. Firstly,such option will lead company to spend more.Hiring more staff means company should offer more training to help new stuff become qualified for the job and also more health benefits. Also,more working space and more computers are indispensable for these new employee. These cost ought to be considered and will decrease the company's profits.

Secondly,the four-day workweek will not actually increase the number of available jobs that helps to cut in  unemployment rates. the company may not hire new employees which would add their cost.They would rather require to complete the whole week job in four days. The original employee need to work overtime but get 80 percent of the salary .If so,there will be no extra jobs for the job market and also the current jobs become more unsatisfied.

Thirdly,although four-day workweek bring employees more free time which could improve the quality of their lives , it will higher the risks of decreasing the major ability and harms their chances for future careers.The five-day workweek's employees will have an edge over these four-day ones in the company.